# PASS_BOT

This program is designed to have multiple functions for the user to access and choose what they would like to do. The program starts with a greeting, introudcing the user to the program. After the introduction message, the user is given a list of 2 choices to pick from. The first option that the user has is to access a calculator function. When this function is called, the user is given another set of choices. With the calculator, the user can either use addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, or exponentiation. The user is asked to put in two numbers and then to select the operation to be preformed and the result is printed back to them. The second function acts as a grocery list for the user. The function reads in from a text file with the name weeklyGroceries.txt (note: if you want to use this feature, your items that you wish to have on the list must be within the text file as groceryItem , numberOfGroceryItem delimited by a comma). After reading in the files contents, it stores the values into two lists. One list is for the specific grocery item that you need and the second list is for the amount of that item that you need. The user is also allowed to make modifications to the list from inside the program. The user can append items to the list and send it to the text file and in the future it will be able to delete items as well. The program can also figure out if the user has already entered a certain item into the grocerylist. To prevent the same item being on the list twice, we made sure that the program just changed the number of that items quantity needed by the user. 

The program has two main useful qualities. The first is the calculator that can do simple math. This is helpful for someone needing to perform a simple operation. The second useful quality is the grocery list which is useful for anyone that might need a little organization within their grocery trip. You can also make your list without using any paper or ink which is very useful to the enviorenment. This program was desined by myself and with the help of my SI leader in my python programming class. We would work on this outside of class to utilize the fundamentals ideas learned within the class as well as creating a program that would be useful to a variety of people rather than just a program that has only one function. To use this program, the only files you need are the main python file and the weeklyGroceries.txt file.

In the future, I would love to design more functions for this program so that it can be even more versatile. I also look foward to applying the knowledge I have now of object oriented langueges to see if I could make the program a lot more user friendly in the interface. 

Thank you for your time
-Ethan St John
